Orders Printer "the App” provides as a Shopify App. This service is provided by Team Bistro and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform users ("you") regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information if anyone decided to use this service. If you choose to use the app, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The collected information is required for the service to work. It is not shared with 3rd parties. Information collection and use When installing the the app you grant it access to the following scopes: read_all_orders, read_orders, read_customers, read_merchant_managed_fulfillment_orders, read_checkouts.

Orders Printer does not store user's Shopify login credentialss. Orders Printer stores Shopify access token with the given permissions for app. Orders Printer stores some orders related details for the app's functionality. The app is hosted(database/routing/server) on AWS (https://aws.amazon.com) and DigitalOcean.

Security: We value your trust in providing your personal information, thus We are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Cookies: We do not use any cookies to track our users. Changes to this privacy policy We may update this privacy policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by sending you an email to give time for you to raise any concerns. Contact us If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy at hello@teambistroapp.com
